---
layout: document
title: "te"
date: "2018-03-31"
permalink: /tos
---

# Privacy Policy

Effective March 31st, 2018

CheaprEats is committed to protecting its visitors' and Users' privacy. The following Privacy Policy outlines the manner in which we collects, uses, discloses and otherwise manages personal information, including in connection with our website cheapreats.com (the "Website"), and our mobile customer application (the "App"). Please review the following carefully so that you understand our privacy practices.


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@cheapreats.com.


## Definitions

"User" means a person who has signed up and is registered with CheaprEats for the use or potential use of the Service.

"Restaurant" means the local business having sole responsibility for receiving and preparing orders for the User.

## Our Collection & Use of Your Information

### Registration


When you register as a User, we will collect your email address, first and last name, password, and mobile phone number. We will use this registration information to create and manage your CheaprEats account, and/or as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy. We may deactivate your account if we suspect that you use our App or Website to commit fraudulent or illegal acts.


### Orders

When you place an order through the App, we provide your first name and last name as well as the details of your order to the Restaurant that accepts your request for an order so that the Restaurant can fulfil your order and identify you upon arrival.

### Order-Related Notifications

If you have placed an order through the App, we may send you push notifications to your mobile phone to let you know the ongoing status of your order. If you do not want to receive push notifications you can always withdraw your consent by changing your settings via the settings page of your mobile device.

### Communications & Marketing

We will use the contact details you provide when you register in order to communicate with you in response to your inquiries, and to send you Service-related announcements, for instance, if our Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance.

CheaprEats may also use your contact details to send you general updates regarding CheaprEats news, special offers and promotions. You may at all times opt-out of receiving these updates by following the instructions in each of our communications.

### Cookies & Analytics

We log all requests sent to our API server, a log entry can include:
<ul>
    <li>API endpoint used</li>
    <li>Payload processed</li>
    <li>Response sent</li>
    <li>Your IP address</li>
    <li>Your device model and OS version</li>
    <li>Time of the request</li>
</ul>

Logs are used to prevent fraud, they also help us to optimize our systems in order to provide better services.

We also use cookies to store temporary information on your computer, such as authentication tokens.

## Our Disclosure of Your Information

### Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals in Canada, the US or other jurisdictions to facilitate or provide certain services on our behalf, such as to process payments, provide customer support, provide geo-location information to our Restaurants, to host our job application form, to perform Website-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Website's features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are contractually bound not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. For additional information about the way in which our service providers treat your personal information, contact us as set out below.

### Legal

CheaprEats and our Canadian, US and other service providers may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an organization in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable Canadian, US or other law. CheaprEats may also disclose your personal information to the extent that this is legally required, or necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and legal process; to investigate or prevent actual or suspect loss or harm to persons or property; to detect, prevent or suppress fraud; or in the event of an emergency pertaining to your health and/or safety.

## Your Rights

You have the right to access, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody or control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. You may at any time request access, updates or corrections to your personal information by emailing us at privacy@cheapreats.com. You may also withdraw any given consent to certain processing of your personal information.

## Retention

We will generally retain your personal information until you cancel your CheaprEats account or until it is no longer required for the purposes stated above or to otherwise meet legal requirements. If you wish to cancel your CheaprEats account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us at hello@cheapreats.com. After deletion of your account, we will anonymize your data, unless this data is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or resolve disputes.

## Security

CheaprEats has taken appropriate technical, physical and organizational security measures to protect personal information in our custody and control against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure. For example, we use standard, industry-wide, commercially reasonable security practices such as encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Socket Layers) as well as physical safeguards at the locations where data is stored. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Any transmission of information by you to CheaprEats is at your own risk. We recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy


We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email and by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.


## Contact Us

Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you wish to access, update, and/or correct inaccuracies in your personal information, or you otherwise have a question or complaint about the manner in which we or our service providers treat your personal information. You may contact us by email at hello@cheapreats.com.